DB docs for IAM authentication and revert (#2768)
transcom/mymove: docs/database.md

## Using RDS IAM for database authentication

RDS IAM authentication is the method of connecting to the database using IAM as the authentication mechanism as opposed to a conventional username and password. More information can be found [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.html).

### Locally connecting to RDS using IAM authentication

An RDS instance must be configured with IAM authentication before connecting. All RDS in the MilMove environment has this enabled. If wishing to connect to a RDS instance first prepare the infrastructure to allow this with this [guide](https://github.com/transcom/ppp-infra/blob/master/docs/runbook/0009-accessing-the-db-with-iam.md). Once complete locally milmove server can be ran with the following

```bash
/path/to/milmove serve --db-iam --db-iam-role arn:aws:iam::AWSACCOUNT:role/CONNECTROLE  --db-region us-east-2 --db-host RDSURL  --db-ssl-mode verify-full --db-ssl-root-cert bin/rds-combined-ca-bundle.pem  --db-user db_user
```

### ECS Task connecting to RDS using IAM authentication

> ECS tasks such as `app` and `app-client-tls` use RDS IAM authentication to securely connect without a username or passwords to rotate. This is accomplished by ECS assigning a role to the container that is allowed to connect to a specific database via IAM.

Reviewer: I think you can just say `ECS tasks` and leave out the naming. Then we don't have to come back and update this ever.

```suggestion
ECS tasks use RDS IAM authentication to securely connect without a username or passwords to rotate. This is accomplished by ECS assigning a role to the container that is allowed to connect to a specific database via IAM.
```

The MilMove server through the use of environment variables will use reach out to IAM to generate a temporary connection token, almost similar to a password. This token/password is valid for only 15 minutes. To enable IAM authentication ensure these environment variables are present for `app`, `app-client-tls`, and `migration` containers. Here is a snippet of the required environment [variables](https://github.com/transcom/mymove/blob/6426a37eaf0219323aef997deed5a43e0e1a824b/config/app.container-definition.json#L32-L39) for the [app.container-definition.json](https://github.com/transcom/mymove/blob/master/config/app.container-definition.json) that is deployed.

```json
    {
      "name": "DB_IAM",
      "value": "{{ .DB_IAM }}"
    },
    {
      "name": "DB_IAM_ROLE",
      "value": "{{ .DB_IAM_ROLE }}"

>     },

Reviewer: I think I'd also include `DB_USER` and `DB_REGION` in here since those are critical to the definition.

```

Update the related environment configuration to match. Note that the database user is normally different than `master` as additional configuration is needed to allow a database user to login via IAM. MilMove convention for IAM enabled user is `ecs_user`. Below is a snippet of the [experimental environment config](https://github.com/transcom/mymove/blob/master/config/env/experimental.env):

```ini

> DB_USER=YOUR_DB_USER_HERE OR "ecs_user"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DB_USER=ecs_user
```

DB_IAM=true
DB_IAM_ROLE=YOUR_CONTAINER_ROLE_ARN_HERE
```

> ### Reverting Task to use password authentication

Author: I would like to get a good set of 👀 on this as I don't want to experiment with environments on this. The only part I partially question is how chamber injects the `db_password` from the Param store.

In the event of a IAM failure it may be desired to revert back to conventional username and password authentication.

> 1. Generate new database password

Reviewer: Let's just move the db password into the `admin` vault in the DP3 1Password. And if they need it the procedure would be: `Get password from Infra from the admin vault in DP3 1Password`.

> 1. Update the RDS with the new password

Reviewer: We can remove this part.

1. Update the Parameter store with the new password

1. ```bash
   chamber write app-YOURENV db_password NEW_PASSWORD
   ```

> 1. Update the environment configuration files to disable IAM authentication. Keep in mind the database user may need to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the environment configuration files to disable IAM authentication. Keep in mind the database `user` will need to be set to `master`.
```
